Node.js is a JavaScript-based platform that is mainly used to create I/O-intensive web applications such as chat apps, multimedia streaming sites, etc. It is built on Google Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine. A web application is software that runs on a server and is rendered by a client browser that accesses all of the application’s resources through the internet.It provides fast delivery. Node. js is a proven way to make the time-to-market cycle shorter It offers easy scalability. Node more scalable than PHP or Ruby, but it is way easier to scale than other backend technologies It targets all major platforms. Among the advantages of using NodeIt provides fast delivery. Node. js is a proven way to make the time-to-market cycle shorter It offers easy scalability. Node more scalable than PHP or Ruby, but it is way easier to scale than other backend technologies It targets all major platforms. Among the advantages of using NodeIt provides fast delivery. Node. js is a proven way to make the time-to-market cycle shorter It offers easy scalability. Node more scalable than PHP or Ruby, but it is way easier to scale than other backend technologies It targets all major platforms. Among the advantages of using NodeIt provides fast delivery. Node. js is a proven way to make the time-to-market cycle shorter It offers easy scalability. Node more scalable than PHP or Ruby, but it is way easier to scale than other backend technologies It targets all major platforms. Among the advantages of using NodeIt provides fast delivery. Node. js is a proven way to make the time-to-market cycle shorter It offers easy scalability. Node more scalable than PHP or Ruby, but it is way easier to scale than other backend technologies It targets all major platforms. Among the advantages of using NodeIt provides fast delivery. Node. js is a proven way to make the time-to-market cycle shorter It offers easy scalability. Node more scalable than PHP or Ruby, but it is way easier to scale than other backend technologies It targets all major platforms. Among the advantages of using NodeIt provides fast delivery. Node. js is a proven way to make the time-to-market cycle shorter It offers easy scalability. Node more scalable than PHP or Ruby, but it is way easier to scale than other backend technologies It targets all major platforms. Among the advantages of using NodeIt provides fast delivery. Node. js is a proven way to make the time-to-market cycle shorter It offers easy scalability. Node more scalable than PHP or Ruby, but it is way easier to scale than other backend technologies It targets all major platforms. Among the advantages of using Node